you've had people that we sadly missed
along the way
you had the great prince on your show uh
i have a good i have a
great prince story prince one time
prince is coming on the show and his
his manager calls and says hey prince uh
would love a ping pong
to play ping pong on the show i go okay
uh we'll get a uh ping pong table no
problem so he comes on the show we have
the
never brings up ping pong doesn't talk
about it never brings it up
doesn't even mention it i go whatever he
cra he crushes he's awesome
he's great that's the end of that and a
month later i'm at dinner and i get a
text
and i go it says from hi this is
prince's manager
prince wants to meet you right now at a
club
called spin in new york city uh it's a
nightclub it's a ping pong nightclub
what so i go to my friend go i gotta go
prince wants to play me
in ping pong so he goes he wants to meet
me on 23rd and
i go i gotta go so i get in the cab i go
to this place i go
down the steps uh downstairs and i go hi
i'm i'm here to see um in the girl's
print yeah he's in this
the private room back there behind the
curtain i go okay
so i go in i open this curtain and who's
standing there
a prince in a double-breasted uh
like crushed velvet suit and uh he's
holding a ping-pong
paddle and he goes you ready for this
i go uh yeah this is so surreal there's
no one else in the room
just me and prince so i go uh oh i guess
i go he goes do you want to warm up i go
it doesn't matter i mean i'm not even
good at ping pong but i'll play with you
and he's like
uh oh here we go and so he's he's he
serves
and he gets the point and he goes one's
it i go oh we're gonna talk smack here
we go let's go prince let's go let's
play now now i'm like ready
to play prince i'm like let's go so i'm
trying to play back i'm not good at ping
pong
long story long uh he's crushing so he's
like
game point i go okay and he hits this
serve
and it's like and it's one of those
perfect ping-pong
things of spinning flames are coming off
the ball and it's coming and
it hits that one corner of the ping-pong
table you know that's impossible to hit
back
and he hits the thing and you go and he
goes i go oh my gosh you won you won you
know let me go
so i look over to pick up the ball
i come back and uh he's gone
he's gone and i don't know
that well so i'm like prince
is he hiding under the table so like
print prince
it was so weird i go and i walk out and
there's like a velvet rope and it was
kind of swinging back and forth a little
bit it sounds like batman was there or
something
and then questlove who's our band leader
here you know from the roots
heard about this ping-pong game and took
a cab over and he actually saw prince's
limo
uh outside and uh he went up to it and
he goes
uh wait did you guys already play what
happened and prince rolled his window
down and he goes
ask your boy and then they just peeled
off and then
i never saw him again
i love that you're kind of in a
ping-pong basement like you're calling a
dog
just going prince
[Laughter]
i didn't know i didn't know if he was
hiding or what it was
bizarre bizarre
you